chore: Merge actions and functions into operations (#3442)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/beige-garlics-call.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/odata-common': major
'@sap-cloud-sdk/generator': major
'@sap-cloud-sdk/util': major
---

> [Compatability Note] By default, generation of OData client will fail if a service path cannot be determined. Either provide `servicePath` value in the `options-per-service.json` or set `skipValidation` to true, in which case, `/` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Compatability Note] By default, generation of OData clients fails if a service path cannot be determined. Either provide `servicePath` value in the `options-per-service.json` or set `skipValidation` to true, in which case, `/` will be used.
```
